docs/Vanilla/Items/WeightedItemStack.md, before:

# WeightedItemStack
A Weighted Item Stack is like a normal [IItemStack](IItemStack) but has a percentage added to it.  
You normally use them when dealing with percentage based actions like drops or secondary outputs.

## Calling a weightedItemStack
You can derive a weightedItemStack from an [IItemStack](IItemStack) by either using the modulo operator or the weight function on it.

```
val itemStack = <minecraft:dirt>;

//both create a weightedItemstack object with a chance of 20%
val wItemStack = itemStack % 20;
val wItemStack2 = itemStack.weight(0.2);
```



## ZenGetters

| ZenGetter | What does it do                                      | Return Type              |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| stack     | Returns the associated itemStack                     | [IItemStack](IItemStack) |
| chance    | Returns the stack's chance as decimal (e.g. 0.2)     | float                    |
| percent   | Returns the stack's chance as percentage (e.g. 20.0) | float                    |

Commit message:

A bit of everything (#21)
* CoT's updates

* CoT dev

* Guess I can't count after all...

* Added NYI to not yet completely implemented Class Entries

* A lot more CoT

* Interlinks now with correct capitalization

* Didnt see they expand the classes

* IMutableItemStack damage method

* IWorld setBlockState

* CoT Item burn tyme, Crystal item

* typo

* BWM additional methods for kiln/saw

* Added CTGUI page

* Mekanism is not in the mods package but in mod...
I trusted you, @OrdinatorStouff

* Background story in its own spoiler

*  TE new Methods

* TCon Fuel

* TCon new removals with inputs

* TCon added Package

* Arrays: Added casts to examples and casting explanation

* Added import block to some common-used Types

* Added AA Mining Lens & Oil Generator

* Added Package to AA entries; Reformat

* Added Images of Material Parts

* Maybe Fixed Navbar

Added more toc-Level entries to base.css

* Typo

* Case sensiticity, you got me... again

* integer → Integer

* Import at top of file
that enough?

docs/Vanilla/Items/WeightedItemStack.md, after:

# WeightedItemStack
A Weighted Item Stack is like a normal [IItemStack](IItemStack) but has a percentage added to it.  
You normally use them when dealing with percentage based actions like drops or secondary outputs.

## Importing the package
It might be required for you to import the package if you encounter any issues (like casting an [Array](/AdvancedFunctions/Arrays_and_Loops)), so better be safe than sorry and add the import.  
`import crafttweaker.item.WeightedItemStack;`

## Calling a weightedItemStack
You can derive a weightedItemStack from an [IItemStack](IItemStack) by either using the modulo operator or the weight function on it.

```
val itemStack = <minecraft:dirt>;

//both create a weightedItemstack object with a chance of 20%
val wItemStack = itemStack % 20;
val wItemStack2 = itemStack.weight(0.2);
```



## ZenGetters

| ZenGetter | What does it do                                      | Return Type              |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| stack     | Returns the associated itemStack                     | [IItemStack](IItemStack) |
| chance    | Returns the stack's chance as decimal (e.g. 0.2)     | float                    |
| percent   | Returns the stack's chance as percentage (e.g. 20.0) | float                    |
