docs/Vanilla/Entities/IEntityDrop.md, before:

# IEntityDrop

An IEntityDrop refers to a drop from an Entity.

## ZenGetters

You can retrieve this information out of them.

| ZenGetter  | What does it do                                          | Return type                             | Usage             |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|-------------------|
| chance     | Returns the chance of the drop.                          | float                                   | `drop.chance`     |
| max        | Returns the maximum Amount of the drop.                  | int                                     | `drop.max`        |
| min        | Returns the minimum Amount of the drop.                  | int                                     | `drop.min`        |
| playerOnly | Returns whether the drop is playerOnly.                  | boolean                                 | `drop.playerOnly` |
| range      | Returns the minimum to maximum Amount range of the drop. | IntegerRange                            | `drop.range`      |
| stack      | Returns the dropped Item.                                | [IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack) | `drop.stack`      |

Commit message:

A bit of everything (#21)
* CoT's updates

* CoT dev

* Guess I can't count after all...

* Added NYI to not yet completely implemented Class Entries

* A lot more CoT

* Interlinks now with correct capitalization

* Didnt see they expand the classes

* IMutableItemStack damage method

* IWorld setBlockState

* CoT Item burn tyme, Crystal item

* typo

* BWM additional methods for kiln/saw

* Added CTGUI page

* Mekanism is not in the mods package but in mod...
I trusted you, @OrdinatorStouff

* Background story in its own spoiler

*  TE new Methods

* TCon Fuel

* TCon new removals with inputs

* TCon added Package

* Arrays: Added casts to examples and casting explanation

* Added import block to some common-used Types

* Added AA Mining Lens & Oil Generator

* Added Package to AA entries; Reformat

* Added Images of Material Parts

* Maybe Fixed Navbar

Added more toc-Level entries to base.css

* Typo

* Case sensiticity, you got me... again

* integer → Integer

* Import at top of file
that enough?

docs/Vanilla/Entities/IEntityDrop.md, after:

# IEntityDrop

An IEntityDrop refers to a drop from an [Entity](IEntityDefinition).

## Importing the package
It might be required for you to import the package if you encounter any issues (like casting an [Array](/AdvancedFunctions/Arrays_and_Loops)), so better be safe than sorry and add the import.  
`import crafttweaker.entity.IEntityDrop;`

## ZenGetters

You can retrieve this information out of them.

| ZenGetter  | What does it do                                          | Return type                             | Usage             |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|-------------------|
| chance     | Returns the chance of the drop.                          | float                                   | `drop.chance`     |
| max        | Returns the maximum Amount of the drop.                  | int                                     | `drop.max`        |
| min        | Returns the minimum Amount of the drop.                  | int                                     | `drop.min`        |
| playerOnly | Returns whether the drop is playerOnly.                  | boolean                                 | `drop.playerOnly` |
| range      | Returns the minimum to maximum Amount range of the drop. | IntegerRange                            | `drop.range`      |
| stack      | Returns the dropped Item.                                | [IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack) | `drop.stack`      |
