docs/Vanilla/Commands.md, before:

# Commands

Crafttweaker adds commands that will help you with the creation of scripts, they are provided to  help reduce the development time of writing scripts.

The prefix for commands are:
`/crafttweaker`
or
`/ct`

All the commands can be found ingame by doing:

`/crafttweaker help`

or

`/ct help`

# List of commands

## Biomes

Usage:

`/craftweaker biomes`

`/ct biomes`

Description:

Lists all of the biomes that are in the game.

## BlockInfo

Usage:

`/craftweaker blockinfo`

`/ct blockinfo`

Description:

Activates or deactivates the block reader. In block info mode, right-clicking a block will tell you it's name, metadata and Tile Entity data if applicable.

## Blocks

Usage:

`/craftweaker blocks`

`/ct blocks`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the blocks in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Bugs

Usage:

`/craftweaker bugs`

`/ct bugs`

Description:

Opens your browser with the GitHub bug tracker.

## Entities

Usage:

`/craftweaker entities`

`/ct entities`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the entities in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Discord

Usage:

`/craftweaker discord`

`/ct discord`

Description:

Opens your browser with a link to the Discord server.

## Hand

Usage:

`/craftweaker hand`

`/ct hand`

Description:

Prints the name of the item in your hand to the chat. 

Also copies the name to clipboard and prints oredict entries.

## Inventory

Usage:

`/craftweaker inventory`

`/ct inventory`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the items in your inventory to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Liquids

Usage:

`/craftweaker liquids`

`/ct liquids`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the liquids in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Mods

Usage:

`/craftweaker mods`

`/ct mods`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the mods and their versions in the game to the crafttweaker.log file and prints it in chat.

## Names

Usage:

`/craftweaker names`

`/ct names`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the items in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## OreDict

Usage:

`/craftweaker oredict <name>`

`/ct oredict <name>`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the OreDict entries in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

If a name is supplied, the names of all the items registered to the oredict will be outputted to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Recipes

Usage:

`/craftweaker recipes`

`/ct recipes`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the crafting recipes in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Recipes (Hand)

Usage:

`/craftweaker recipes hand`

`/ct recipes hand`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the crafting recipes for the item in the player's hand in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Recipes (Furnace)

Usage:

`/craftweaker recipes furnace`

`/ct recipes furnace`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the furnace recipes in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Seeds

Usage:

`/craftweaker seeds`

`/ct seeds`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the items in the seed registry to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Wiki

Usage:

`/craftweaker wiki`

`/ct wiki`

Description:

Opens your browser to this wiki page.

Commit message:

Added Potions to IGame and Commands IGame -> Added potions ZenGetter Commands -> Added `/ct potions` command

docs/Vanilla/Commands.md, after:

# Commands

Crafttweaker adds commands that will help you with the creation of scripts, they are provided to  help reduce the development time of writing scripts.

The prefix for commands are:
`/crafttweaker`
or
`/ct`

All the commands can be found ingame by doing:

`/crafttweaker help`

or

`/ct help`

# List of commands

## Biomes

Usage:

`/craftweaker biomes`

`/ct biomes`

Description:

Lists all of the biomes that are in the game.

## BlockInfo

Usage:

`/craftweaker blockinfo`

`/ct blockinfo`

Description:

Activates or deactivates the block reader. In block info mode, right-clicking a block will tell you it's name, metadata and Tile Entity data if applicable.

## Blocks

Usage:

`/craftweaker blocks`

`/ct blocks`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the blocks in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Bugs

Usage:

`/craftweaker bugs`

`/ct bugs`

Description:

Opens your browser with the GitHub bug tracker.

## Entities

Usage:

`/craftweaker entities`

`/ct entities`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the entities in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Discord

Usage:

`/craftweaker discord`

`/ct discord`

Description:

Opens your browser with a link to the Discord server.

## Hand

Usage:

`/craftweaker hand`

`/ct hand`

Description:

Prints the name of the item in your hand to the chat. 

Also copies the name to clipboard and prints oredict entries.

## Inventory

Usage:

`/craftweaker inventory`

`/ct inventory`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the items in your inventory to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Liquids

Usage:

`/craftweaker liquids`

`/ct liquids`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the liquids in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Mods

Usage:

`/craftweaker mods`

`/ct mods`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the mods and their versions in the game to the crafttweaker.log file and prints it in chat.

## Names

Usage:

`/craftweaker names`

`/ct names`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the items in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## OreDict

Usage:

`/craftweaker oredict <name>`

`/ct oredict <name>`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the OreDict entries in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

If a name is supplied, the names of all the items registered to the oredict will be outputted to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Potions

Usage:

`/craftweaker potions`

`/ct potions`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the potions in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.


## Recipes

Usage:

`/craftweaker recipes`

`/ct recipes`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the crafting recipes in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Recipes (Hand)

Usage:

`/craftweaker recipes hand`

`/ct recipes hand`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the crafting recipes for the item in the player's hand in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Recipes (Furnace)

Usage:

`/craftweaker recipes furnace`

`/ct recipes furnace`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the furnace recipes in the game to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Seeds

Usage:

`/craftweaker seeds`

`/ct seeds`

Description:

Outputs a list of all the items in the seed registry to the crafttweaker.log file.

## Wiki

Usage:

`/craftweaker wiki`

`/ct wiki`

Description:

Opens your browser to this wiki page.
