docs/Mods/Modtweaker/Forestry/Squeezer.md, before:

# Squeezer

ModTweaker allows you to add or remove forestry Squeezer Recipes

## Calling
You can call the  package using `mods.forestry.Squeezer`

## Recipe Removal

```JAVA
//mods.forestry.Squeezer.removeRecipe(ILiquidStack liquid, @Optional IIngredient[] ingredients);
mods.forestry.Squeezer.removeRecipe(<liquid:juice>);
mods.forestry.Squeezer.removeRecipe(<liquid:seed.oil>, [<minecraft:wheat_seeds>]);
```


## Recipe Addition

```JAVA
//mods.forestry.Squeezer.addRecipe(ILiquidStack fluidOutput, IItemStack[] ingredients, int timePerItem, @Optional WeightedItemStack itemOutput);
//mods.forestry.Squeezer.addRecipe(<liquid:lava>, <minecraft:redstone>, 120);
mods.forestry.Squeezer.addRecipe(<liquid:lava>, <minecraft:obsidian>, 120, <minecraft:redstone> % 20);
```

| Parameter           | Type                                                  | description                                   |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| fluidOutput         | [ILiquidStack](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidStack)         | The Recipe's output                           |
| ingredients         | [IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack)[]             | The Recipe's item input(s)                    |
| timePerItem         | int                                                   | Amount of inputFluid on organic item requires |
| itemOutput          | [WeightedItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/WeightedItemStack) | Output multiplier                             |

Commit message:

PR's are overrated (#33)
* EntityMelting

* Tinker's Materials

* ticmat command

* Squeezer Warning

* IItemStack asBlock()

* CoT: Fluid Luminosity MPD

* Arrays_and_loop: wood→log, added as IItemStack[]

* Added Global Functions page
Never realized I missed that one lol

* Updated JEI to fit the new methods

* Updated OreDict to contain the new functionality

* updated mods to contains the simpleIterator

* Explained the ItemUtils cratePotion more clearls, also explained the vararg there

* Fixed Typo

* global function pow

* Applied Sky's Entity Refactor

* Global keywords and the missing Classes

* Global vars

* Seeds/Tokens

* Added Adding to DataMaps' Entries

* Updated Global's info

* Started with Dev Area

* More DevArea

* CoT chenges

* More ZenAnnotations

* Some CoT Changes

* Added CT Annotation pages

* Added Ingredients entry to CT dev section, also unescaped some tokens there (now it should be normal regex)

* AstralSorcery changes

* Added updateTag method to IItemStack

* Updated to newest CoT and some other stuff

* Started with Botania

* ArrayAdd and String Functions

* Added BWM Mill to mkdocs.yml
closes #28

* Added Botania Recipe Handlers (Lexica still missing!)

* Added Lexica Botania Stub

docs/Mods/Modtweaker/Forestry/Squeezer.md, after:

# Squeezer

ModTweaker allows you to add or remove forestry Squeezer Recipes

## Calling
You can call the  package using `mods.forestry.Squeezer`

## Recipe Removal

Beware, you cannot remove the recipes that fill or drain fluid containers, such as forestry cans!

```JAVA
//mods.forestry.Squeezer.removeRecipe(ILiquidStack liquid, @Optional IIngredient[] ingredients);
mods.forestry.Squeezer.removeRecipe(<liquid:juice>);
mods.forestry.Squeezer.removeRecipe(<liquid:seed.oil>, [<minecraft:wheat_seeds>]);
```


## Recipe Addition

```JAVA
//mods.forestry.Squeezer.addRecipe(ILiquidStack fluidOutput, IItemStack[] ingredients, int timePerItem, @Optional WeightedItemStack itemOutput);
//mods.forestry.Squeezer.addRecipe(<liquid:lava>, <minecraft:redstone>, 120);
mods.forestry.Squeezer.addRecipe(<liquid:lava>, <minecraft:obsidian>, 120, <minecraft:redstone> % 20);
```

| Parameter           | Type                                                  | description                                   |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| fluidOutput         | [ILiquidStack](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidStack)         | The Recipe's output                           |
| ingredients         | [IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack)[]             | The Recipe's item input(s)                    |
| timePerItem         | int                                                   | Amount of inputFluid on organic item requires |
| itemOutput          | [WeightedItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/WeightedItemStack) | Output multiplier                             |
