docs/Vanilla/Variable_Types/Basic_Variables_Functions.md, before:

# Basic variable functionality

The most basic variable types of ZenScript are Strings, Integers and booleans.

## Most single types
`true == true` You can check if two values are the same.  
`"Hello" != "World"` You can also check if two values are unequal.

## Strings
Strings provide some functionality

`"Hello".length` Returns the string's length as int.  
`"Hello"[1]` Returns the character at the string's given index as another string.  
`"Hello" in "Hell"` checks if the string before `in` contains the string after it as boolean.  
`"Hel" ~ "lo " + "World"` You also can add/concatenate strings.
`string += "assignAdd"` you can also use the assignAdd/assignConcatenate operators.

## Integers
Integers provide some functionality

`+-*/%` Basic mathematic operators (check the [variable Types](Variable_Types) page). You can also use the operatorAssign tokens  
`0 to 10` Returns an Integer Range ranging from 0 to 10.  
`1~10` Concatenates the Integers (returns "110").  


## Booleans
Booleans provide some functionality

`true ~ false` Concatenates the booleans (returns "truefalse").  
`& | ^` Boolean operators (and/or/xor).  

## Arrays/ArrayLists
Arrays and ArrayLists provide common functions

`array[1]` returns the item at the given index.  
`array[1] = "Hello"` Sets the item at the given index.  
`array.length` returns the arrays length

Commit message:

PR's are overrated (#33)
* EntityMelting

* Tinker's Materials

* ticmat command

* Squeezer Warning

* IItemStack asBlock()

* CoT: Fluid Luminosity MPD

* Arrays_and_loop: wood→log, added as IItemStack[]

* Added Global Functions page
Never realized I missed that one lol

* Updated JEI to fit the new methods

* Updated OreDict to contain the new functionality

* updated mods to contains the simpleIterator

* Explained the ItemUtils cratePotion more clearls, also explained the vararg there

* Fixed Typo

* global function pow

* Applied Sky's Entity Refactor

* Global keywords and the missing Classes

* Global vars

* Seeds/Tokens

* Added Adding to DataMaps' Entries

* Updated Global's info

* Started with Dev Area

* More DevArea

* CoT chenges

* More ZenAnnotations

* Some CoT Changes

* Added CT Annotation pages

* Added Ingredients entry to CT dev section, also unescaped some tokens there (now it should be normal regex)

* AstralSorcery changes

* Added updateTag method to IItemStack

* Updated to newest CoT and some other stuff

* Started with Botania

* ArrayAdd and String Functions

* Added BWM Mill to mkdocs.yml
closes #28

* Added Botania Recipe Handlers (Lexica still missing!)

* Added Lexica Botania Stub

docs/Vanilla/Variable_Types/Basic_Variables_Functions.md, after:

# Basic variable functionality

The most basic variable types of ZenScript are Strings, Integers and booleans.

## Most single types
`true == true` You can check if two values are the same.  
`"Hello" != "World"` You can also check if two values are unequal.

## Strings
Strings provide some functionality

`"Hello".length` Returns the string's length as int.  
`"Hello"[1]` Returns the character at the string's given index as another string.  
`"Hello" in "Hell"` checks if the string before `in` contains the string after it as boolean. You can replace the `in` with `has` if you like that better.  
`"Hel" ~ "lo " + "World"` You also can add/concatenate strings.
`string += "assignAdd"` you can also use the assignAdd/assignConcatenate operators.

Aside from these, all parameterless methods that are available to java Strings are also available to ZenScript strings!  
This includes: 

- toLowerCase
- toUpperCase
- getBytes
- hashCode
- intern
- isEmpty
- toCharArray
- trim

## Integers
Integers provide some functionality

`+-*/%` Basic mathematic operators (check the [variable Types](Variable_Types) page). You can also use the operatorAssign tokens  
`0 to 10` Returns an Integer Range ranging from 0 to 10.  
`1~10` Concatenates the Integers (returns "110").  


## Booleans
Booleans provide some functionality

`true ~ false` Concatenates the booleans (returns "truefalse").  
`& | ^` Boolean operators (and/or/xor).  

## Arrays/ArrayLists
Arrays and ArrayLists provide common functions

`array[1]` returns the item at the given index.  
`array[1] = "Hello"` Sets the item at the given index.  
`array.length` returns the arrays length
