docs/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient.md, before:

# IIngredient

An IIngredient is an ingredient for recipes.  
This could be [an item](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack), [an ore dictionary entry](/Vanilla/OreDict), [a liquid](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidStack) and much more.

## Importing the IIngredient package

Usually, you won't need this, but in some cases recipes won't work until you [import](/AdvancedFunctions/Import) the IIngredient package.  
You can do this using the following import:
```
import crafttweaker.item.IIngredient;
```

## Functions
So, what can we do with this?

### Mark

You can mark an IIngredient so you can later use it in [crafting functions](/AdvancedFunctions/Recipe_Functions).
You can also retrieve the mark applied earlier.

```
//Marks the pick with the String Picky
//item.marked(name) <-- Name is a string!
val markedPick = <minecraft:diamond_pickaxe>.marked("Picky");

//prints "Picky"
print(markedPick.mark);
```

### Amount

If you want to use more than one of a given item, you can set an amount to an IIngredient.  
This is as easy as multiplying the IIngredient with an integer.  
Retrieveing the amount is also possible.
```
val multipleApples = <minecraft:apple> * 3;

//prints 3
print(multipleApples.amount);
```

### OR-ing an IIngredient
Sometimes you want either IIngredient X or Y, but don't want to create a recipe for each possibility?
That's why there's the OR Method for IIngredients:
```
val item1 = <minecraft:apple>;
val item2 = <minecraft:carrot>;

val either = item1 | item2;
val either2 = item1.or(item2);
```

One word of advice though:
Using the OR methods is not adviced, as JEI does not display these recipes and sometimes the inputs won't even be consumed!


### Get Possible Items or Liquids

Sometimes an IIngredient represents more than one item, for example if you are using an [OreDictEntry](/Vanilla/OreDict) or if you OR-ed two Ingredients.  
You can get all possible items for this IIngredient as a List<[IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack)> List using the first function.  
The second function does the same as the first function but returns a [IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack)[] instead of a list.
Same goes for liquids in the third function, only they return an [ILiquidStack](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidStack) List.


```
//Returns an IItemStack List
//possible items: All iron ingots and the gold ingot from MC
val itemsIngredient = <ore:ingotIron> | <minecraft:gold_ingot>;


//Returns an ILiquidStack List|
//possible liquids: Lava and Water
val liquidsIngredient = <liquid:lava> | <liquid:water>;


for item in itemsIngredient.items{
	//Prints each possible item's Display name
	print(item.displayName);
}

for item in itemsIngredient.itemArray{
	//Prints each possible item's Display name
	print(item.displayName);
}

for liquid in liquidsIngredient.liquids{
	//Prints each possible liquid's Display name
	print(liquid.displayName);
}
```

### Transform an IIngredient upon crafting
Sometimes you want an item not to be consumed upon crafting but instead receive damaged or give back a completely different item.  
This is what item Transformers are there for. 

```

val item = <minecraft:apple>;

//Item won't be consumed and stays in the crafting slot.
var transformedItem = item.reuse();

//Item won't be consumed but will be placed in your inventory upon crafting.
transformedItem = item.giveBack();

//item will be consumed but will return the specified item to your inventory upon crafting.
transformedItem = item.giveBack(<minecraft:potato>);

//item will be replaced with the specified item, which will instead go to the crafting slot
transformedItem = item.transformReplace(<minecraft:potato>);

//damages the item by 1
transformedItem = item.transformDamage();

//damages the item by the given value
transformedItem = item.transformDamage(3);

//item will be consumed, no matter what.
transformedItem = item.noReturn();

//Causes multiple items to be consumed.
transformedItem = item.transformConsume(3);
```

### Ingredient Conditions
Sometimes you want your ingredient to have a specific tag or to only work if (not) damaged.
These Conditions can be added to your Ingredients using the following:

```
val item = <minecraft:apple>;

//Item will only be accepted with at least 1 point damage
var conditionedItem = item.onlyDamaged();

//Item will only be accepted with at least the specified damage points
conditionedItem = item.onlyDamageAtLeast(10);

//Item will only be accepted with at most the specified damage points
conditionedItem = item.onlyDamageAtMost(100);

//Item will only be accepted with damage points greater or equal as the first and lesser or equal as the 2nd Integer.
conditionedItem = item.onlyDamageBetween(10,100);

//Item will only be accepted with the specified Tag. The item may have more/other tags than specified, those are ignored when checked.
conditionedItem = item.onlyWithTag({display: {Name: "Tomato"}});

//Item will only be accepted if in a Stack of at least the specified amount. Mostly used in combination with the consume transformer.
//Note that if you only add this, you will still require only one item per craft.
conditionedItem = item.onlyStack(32);
```

### Matching
If you want to check if an IItemStack matches your IIngredient you can use the match method. This will return a boolean.
If the IIngredient represents a liquid, it will check if the item is a valid container for this liquid.

```
print(<ore:ingotIron>.matches(<minecraft:iron_ingot>));
print(<ore:ingotIron>.matchesExact(<minecraft:iron_ingot>));
```
You can also match two IIngredient Objects, in which case you'd need to use the in operator:

```
val ingots = <minecraft:iron_ingot> | <minecraft:gold_ingot>;
val goldOre = <ore:ingotIron>;
val ingotGold = <minecraft:gold_ingot>;


//true as the gold ingot is in the ingots Ingredient
ingots in ingotGold;

//false as <minecraft:iron_ingot> cannot be found in <ore:ingotGold>
goldOre in ingots;
```

Commit message:

A bit of everything (#21)
* CoT's updates

* CoT dev

* Guess I can't count after all...

* Added NYI to not yet completely implemented Class Entries

* A lot more CoT

* Interlinks now with correct capitalization

* Didnt see they expand the classes

* IMutableItemStack damage method

* IWorld setBlockState

* CoT Item burn tyme, Crystal item

* typo

* BWM additional methods for kiln/saw

* Added CTGUI page

* Mekanism is not in the mods package but in mod...
I trusted you, @OrdinatorStouff

* Background story in its own spoiler

*  TE new Methods

* TCon Fuel

* TCon new removals with inputs

* TCon added Package

* Arrays: Added casts to examples and casting explanation

* Added import block to some common-used Types

* Added AA Mining Lens & Oil Generator

* Added Package to AA entries; Reformat

* Added Images of Material Parts

* Maybe Fixed Navbar

Added more toc-Level entries to base.css

* Typo

* Case sensiticity, you got me... again

* integer → Integer

* Import at top of file
that enough?

docs/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient.md, after:

# IIngredient

An IIngredient is an ingredient for recipes.  
This could be [an item](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack), [an ore dictionary entry](/Vanilla/OreDict), [a liquid](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidStack) and much more.

## Importing the package
It might be required for you to import the package if you encounter any issues (like casting an [Array](/AdvancedFunctions/Arrays_and_Loops)), so better be safe than sorry and add the import.  
`import crafttweaker.item.IIngredient;`

## Importing the IIngredient package

Usually, you won't need this, but in some cases recipes won't work until you [import](/AdvancedFunctions/Import) the IIngredient package.  
You can do this using the following import:
```
import crafttweaker.item.IIngredient;
```

## Functions
So, what can we do with this?

### Mark

You can mark an IIngredient so you can later use it in [crafting functions](/AdvancedFunctions/Recipe_Functions).
You can also retrieve the mark applied earlier.

```
//Marks the pick with the String Picky
//item.marked(name) <-- Name is a string!
val markedPick = <minecraft:diamond_pickaxe>.marked("Picky");

//prints "Picky"
print(markedPick.mark);
```

### Amount

If you want to use more than one of a given item, you can set an amount to an IIngredient.  
This is as easy as multiplying the IIngredient with an Integer.  
Retrieveing the amount is also possible.
```
val multipleApples = <minecraft:apple> * 3;

//prints 3
print(multipleApples.amount);
```

### OR-ing an IIngredient
Sometimes you want either IIngredient X or Y, but don't want to create a recipe for each possibility?
That's why there's the OR Method for IIngredients:
```
val item1 = <minecraft:apple>;
val item2 = <minecraft:carrot>;

val either = item1 | item2;
val either2 = item1.or(item2);
```

One word of advice though:
Using the OR methods is not adviced, as JEI does not display these recipes and sometimes the inputs won't even be consumed!


### Get Possible Items or Liquids

Sometimes an IIngredient represents more than one item, for example if you are using an [OreDictEntry](/Vanilla/OreDict) or if you OR-ed two Ingredients.  
You can get all possible items for this IIngredient as a List<[IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack)> List using the first function.  
The second function does the same as the first function but returns a [IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack)[] instead of a list.
Same goes for liquids in the third function, only they return an [ILiquidStack](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidStack) List.


```
//Returns an IItemStack List
//possible items: All iron ingots and the gold ingot from MC
val itemsIngredient = <ore:ingotIron> | <minecraft:gold_ingot>;


//Returns an ILiquidStack List|
//possible liquids: Lava and Water
val liquidsIngredient = <liquid:lava> | <liquid:water>;


for item in itemsIngredient.items{
	//Prints each possible item's Display name
	print(item.displayName);
}

for item in itemsIngredient.itemArray{
	//Prints each possible item's Display name
	print(item.displayName);
}

for liquid in liquidsIngredient.liquids{
	//Prints each possible liquid's Display name
	print(liquid.displayName);
}
```

### Transform an IIngredient upon crafting
Sometimes you want an item not to be consumed upon crafting but instead receive damaged or give back a completely different item.  
This is what item Transformers are there for. 

```

val item = <minecraft:apple>;

//Item won't be consumed and stays in the crafting slot.
var transformedItem = item.reuse();

//Item won't be consumed but will be placed in your inventory upon crafting.
transformedItem = item.giveBack();

//item will be consumed but will return the specified item to your inventory upon crafting.
transformedItem = item.giveBack(<minecraft:potato>);

//item will be replaced with the specified item, which will instead go to the crafting slot
transformedItem = item.transformReplace(<minecraft:potato>);

//damages the item by 1
transformedItem = item.transformDamage();

//damages the item by the given value
transformedItem = item.transformDamage(3);

//item will be consumed, no matter what.
transformedItem = item.noReturn();

//Causes multiple items to be consumed.
transformedItem = item.transformConsume(3);
```

### Ingredient Conditions
Sometimes you want your ingredient to have a specific tag or to only work if (not) damaged.
These Conditions can be added to your Ingredients using the following:

```
val item = <minecraft:apple>;

//Item will only be accepted with at least 1 point damage
var conditionedItem = item.onlyDamaged();

//Item will only be accepted with at least the specified damage points
conditionedItem = item.onlyDamageAtLeast(10);

//Item will only be accepted with at most the specified damage points
conditionedItem = item.onlyDamageAtMost(100);

//Item will only be accepted with damage points greater or equal as the first and lesser or equal as the 2nd Integer.
conditionedItem = item.onlyDamageBetween(10,100);

//Item will only be accepted with the specified Tag. The item may have more/other tags than specified, those are ignored when checked.
conditionedItem = item.onlyWithTag({display: {Name: "Tomato"}});

//Item will only be accepted if in a Stack of at least the specified amount. Mostly used in combination with the consume transformer.
//Note that if you only add this, you will still require only one item per craft.
conditionedItem = item.onlyStack(32);
```

### Matching
If you want to check if an IItemStack matches your IIngredient you can use the match method. This will return a boolean.
If the IIngredient represents a liquid, it will check if the item is a valid container for this liquid.

```
print(<ore:ingotIron>.matches(<minecraft:iron_ingot>));
print(<ore:ingotIron>.matchesExact(<minecraft:iron_ingot>));
```
You can also match two IIngredient Objects, in which case you'd need to use the in operator:

```
val ingots = <minecraft:iron_ingot> | <minecraft:gold_ingot>;
val goldOre = <ore:ingotIron>;
val ingotGold = <minecraft:gold_ingot>;


//true as the gold ingot is in the ingots Ingredient
ingots in ingotGold;

//false as <minecraft:iron_ingot> cannot be found in <ore:ingotGold>
goldOre in ingots;
```
