docs/AdvancedFunctions/Conditional_Statements.md, before:

# Conditional Statements

You might want to include code that will only be executed if certain criteria are met (or if they are not).
That's what you need conditional Statements for.

## If

An If-Statement is the first part of a conditional statement. It declares the condition that must be true for the following code to be executed.
Be careful, you need TWO EQUALS when comparing values (that's because one equal is for declaring values!)

```
val test = 0;

if(test == 0){ //true
	print("Test is zero!");
}
```

## Else

An Else-Statement can be added to the end of a conditional Statment to declare what will be executed when the if-condition equals to false.

```
var test = 0;

if(test == 0){//true
	//will be executed when test is equal to 0
	print("Test is zero!");
} else {
	//will be executed when test is not equal to 0
	print("Test is NOT zero!");
}

test = 1
if(test == 0){//false
	//will be executed when test is equal to 0
	print("Now, test is zero!");
} else {
	//will be executed when test is not equal to 0
	print("Now, test is NOT zero!");
}

```

## Things to check for
Supported Calculations are +,-,*,/,mod,concatenation(~)
Supported Operands are OR(|), AND(&), XOR(^)
```
//You can check for:


//Number values
val a = 0 as int;
if(a==0){print("NumVal");}

//Calculated number values
val b = 1;
val c = 5;
//All evaluate to true
if(b+c==6){print("Num1!");}
if(b*c==5){print("Num2!");}
if(b/c==0.2){print("Num3!");}

//OR, XOR, AND
val d = "Hello";
val e = "World";
val f = d~e; //f = "HelloWorld", the Tilde just concatenates one thing to another

//|(OR) means, as long as one of the criteria is met, it evaluates to true
if(d=="Hello" | e == "Hello"){print("OR1!");}		//true
if(d=="Hello" | e == "World"){print("OR2!");}		//true

//^(XOR) means, ONLY ONE criteria may be met, otherwise it evaluates to false
if(d=="Hello" ^ e == "Hello"){print("XOR1!");}		//true
if(d=="Hello" ^ e == "World"){print("XOR2!");}		//false

//&&(AND) means, both criteria need to be met, otherwise it evaluates to false
if(d=="Hello" & e == "Hello"){print("AND1!");}		//false
if(d=="Hello" & e == "World"){print("AND2!");}		//true
```

## The ? Operator
Surely, always typing out an if/else structure can be annoying. Especially if you just want to do an either or condition.
That's why the `?` operator was implemented.
It follows the same logic as an if/else statement, it only is by far less code required.
Syntax: `boolean ? if : else`

```
val switchy = false;

//prints switchy state
print("Switchy is "~switchy);

//if switchy is true, vInt = 1, otherwise vInt = 2
val vInt = switchy ? 1 : 2;
print(vInt);

//Prints "Hello" if switchy is stue, otherwise prints "Bye"
print(switchy ? "Hello" : "Bye");

//Prints "Bye" if switchy is stue, otherwise prints "Hello"
switchy ? print("Bye") : print("Hello");

```

Commit message:

Added Operators Table to Conditional_Statements

docs/AdvancedFunctions/Conditional_Statements.md, after:

# Conditional Statements

You might want to include code that will only be executed if certain criteria are met (or if they are not).
That's what you need conditional Statements for.

## If

An If-Statement is the first part of a conditional statement. It declares the condition that must be true for the following code to be executed.
Be careful, you need TWO EQUALS when comparing values (that's because one equal is for declaring values!)

```
val test = 0;

if(test == 0){ //true
	print("Test is zero!");
}
```

## Else

An Else-Statement can be added to the end of a conditional Statment to declare what will be executed when the if-condition equals to false.

```
var test = 0;

if(test == 0){//true
	//will be executed when test is equal to 0
	print("Test is zero!");
} else {
	//will be executed when test is not equal to 0
	print("Test is NOT zero!");
}

test = 1
if(test == 0){//false
	//will be executed when test is equal to 0
	print("Now, test is zero!");
} else {
	//will be executed when test is not equal to 0
	print("Now, test is NOT zero!");
}

```

## Things to check for
Supported Calculations are +,-,*,/,mod,concatenation(~)
Supported Operands are OR(|), AND(&), XOR(^)
```
//You can check for:


//Number values
val a = 0 as int;
if(a==0){print("NumVal");}

//Calculated number values
val b = 1;
val c = 5;
//All evaluate to true
if(b+c==6){print("Num1!");}
if(b*c==5){print("Num2!");}
if(b/c==0.2){print("Num3!");}

//OR, XOR, AND
val d = "Hello";
val e = "World";
val f = d~e; //f = "HelloWorld", the Tilde just concatenates one thing to another

//|(OR) means, as long as one of the criteria is met, it evaluates to true
if(d=="Hello" | e == "Hello"){print("OR1!");}		//true
if(d=="Hello" | e == "World"){print("OR2!");}		//true

//^(XOR) means, ONLY ONE criteria may be met, otherwise it evaluates to false
if(d=="Hello" ^ e == "Hello"){print("XOR1!");}		//true
if(d=="Hello" ^ e == "World"){print("XOR2!");}		//false

//&&(AND) means, both criteria need to be met, otherwise it evaluates to false
if(d=="Hello" & e == "Hello"){print("AND1!");}		//false
if(d=="Hello" & e == "World"){print("AND2!");}		//true
```

## The ? Operator
Surely, always typing out an if/else structure can be annoying. Especially if you just want to do an either or condition.
That's why the `?` operator was implemented.
It follows the same logic as an if/else statement, it only is by far less code required.
Syntax: `boolean ? if : else`

```
val switchy = false;

//prints switchy state
print("Switchy is "~switchy);

//if switchy is true, vInt = 1, otherwise vInt = 2
val vInt = switchy ? 1 : 2;
print(vInt);

//Prints "Hello" if switchy is stue, otherwise prints "Bye"
print(switchy ? "Hello" : "Bye");

//Prints "Bye" if switchy is stue, otherwise prints "Hello"
switchy ? print("Bye") : print("Hello");

```

## Operators

You can use these operators.
All the examples given evaluate to true.


| Name             	| token       	| Explanation                                                                           	| Example           	|
|------------------	|-------------	|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|-------------------	|
| Not              	| `!`         	| Inverts a boolean                                                                     	| !false			 	|
| Not Equal        	| `!=`        	| Checks if the value before and after are not equal                                    	| 1 != 2            	|
| Equal            	| `==`        	| Checks if the value before and after are equal                                        	| 1 == 1            	|
| Greater as       	| `>`         	| Checks if the value before is greater than after                                      	| 1 < 2             	|
| Greater or Equal 	| `>=`        	| Checks if the value before is greater than or equal with after                        	| 1 <= 1            	|
| Fewer as         	| `>`         	| Checks if the value before is fewer than after                                        	| 2 > 1             	|
| Fewer or Equal   	| `>=`        	| Checks if the value before is fewer than or equal with after                          	| 1 >= 1            	|
| XOR              	| `^`         	| Checks if either the value before or after is true, false if both or none is true   		| true ^ false       	|
| AND              	| `&` or `&&` 	| Checks whether both, value before and after are true, false if one or both are false 		| true & true     	 	|
| OR               	| `|` or `||` 	| Checks if the value before or after is true. True, is both are true                   	| true | true       	|
