docs/Mods/Mekanism/Gas.md, before:

Mekanism
======

Mekanism CraftTweaker support has been integrated directly into Mekanism now ([link](https://github.com/aidancbrady/Mekanism/tree/master/src/main/java/mekanism/common/integration/crafttweaker))

Mekanism adds bracket-handler support to define **gas** -- a special material state differing from forge [**liquids**](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidStack/)
```
<gas:oxygen>
<gas:water> *
```
*Noting that `<gas:water>` is different from `<liquid:water>`*


Example
------
```
import mod.mekanism.gas.IGasStack;

var oxygen = <gas:oxygen>.withAmount(500) as IGasStack;
var oxygen2 = <gas:oxygen> * 500;
```

ZenGetters
------

Like LiquidStacks, IGasStacks also support some special ZenGetters.  
You call the ZenGetters using `gas.Getter` (E.g. `<gas:water>.name`)

| ZenGetter   | Description                             | Return Type    |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------|----------------|
| definition  | Returns the gas' definition             | IGasDefinition |
| NAME        | Returns the gas' name                   | String         |
| displayName | Returns the gas' displayName            | String         |
| amount      | Returns the gas' amount in millibuckets | int            |


Setting the Object's Amount
------

You can set the Object's amount (gas volume in Millibuckets) in two ways, which both do exactly the same:
```
var gas_amount_multiply = <gas:water> * 500;
var gas_amount_zenMethod = <gas:water>.withAmount(500);
```


IGasDefinition
------

An IGasDefinition object contains information on a gas.  
You can get such an object using `gasStack.definition` (check the table above)

| ZenGetter   | Description                             | Return Type    |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------|----------------|
| NAME        | Returns the referred gas' name          | String         |
| displayName | Returns the referred gas' display name  | String         |

You can multiply a gasDefinition to return a new IGasStack with the given amount in millibuckets:
```
var gas_definition = <gas:water>.definition;
var gas_bucket = gas_definition * 1000;
```

Commit message:

Add references about the CraftTweaker commands Mekanism adds

docs/Mods/Mekanism/Gas.md, after:

Mekanism
======

Mekanism CraftTweaker support has been integrated directly into Mekanism now ([link](https://github.com/aidancbrady/Mekanism/tree/master/src/main/java/mekanism/common/integration/crafttweaker))

Mekanism adds bracket-handler support to define **gas** -- a special material state differing from forge [**liquids**](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidStack/)
```
<gas:oxygen>
<gas:water> *
```
*Noting that `<gas:water>` is different from `<liquid:water>`*

As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is now possible to view all registered gases (including those from other mods) via the command `/ct gases`

Example
------
```
import mod.mekanism.gas.IGasStack;

var oxygen = <gas:oxygen>.withAmount(500) as IGasStack;
var oxygen2 = <gas:oxygen> * 500;
```

ZenGetters
------

Like LiquidStacks, IGasStacks also support some special ZenGetters.  
You call the ZenGetters using `gas.Getter` (E.g. `<gas:water>.name`)

| ZenGetter   | Description                             | Return Type    |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------|----------------|
| definition  | Returns the gas' definition             | IGasDefinition |
| NAME        | Returns the gas' name                   | String         |
| displayName | Returns the gas' displayName            | String         |
| amount      | Returns the gas' amount in millibuckets | int            |


Setting the Object's Amount
------

You can set the Object's amount (gas volume in Millibuckets) in two ways, which both do exactly the same:
```
var gas_amount_multiply = <gas:water> * 500;
var gas_amount_zenMethod = <gas:water>.withAmount(500);
```


IGasDefinition
------

An IGasDefinition object contains information on a gas.  
You can get such an object using `gasStack.definition` (check the table above)

| ZenGetter   | Description                             | Return Type    |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------|----------------|
| NAME        | Returns the referred gas' name          | String         |
| displayName | Returns the referred gas' display name  | String         |

You can multiply a gasDefinition to return a new IGasStack with the given amount in millibuckets:
```
var gas_definition = <gas:water>.definition;
var gas_bucket = gas_definition * 1000;
```
