docs/Mods/Mekanism/Metallurgic_Infuser.md, before:


# Metallurgic Infuser

Infusion Type String
------
Both addition and removal of recipes require an "infusion type" string. Default examples from Mekanism are:

| Infuse Type | Added by |
| ----------- | -------- |
| "CARBON"    | Mekanism |
| "TIN"       | Mekanism |
| "DIAMOND"   | Mekanism |
| "REDSTONE"  | Mekanism |
| "FUNGI"     | Mekanism |
| "BIO"       | Mekanism |
| "OBSIDIAN"  | Mekanism |

If any other mod registers a new infusion type, that type can be used in CraftTweaker as well as long as the registered type's name is specified exactly. NOTE: It is *not* possible to define **new** infusion *types* with CraftTweaker


Addition
------
```
mods.mekanism.infuser.addRecipe(String infusionType, int infusionConsumed, IIngredient inputStack, IItemStack outputStack);

mods.mekanism.infuser.addRecipe("OBSIDIAN", 20, <minecraft:coal_block>, <minecraft:obsidian>);
mods.mekanism.infuser.addRecipe("DIAMOND", 80, <minecraft:glowstone>, <minecraft:nether_star>);
```
As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is possible to use IIngredients as the inputStack instead of only IItemStacks.

Note: Currently all this does is loop over the different possibilities in java while adding instead of you having to do it in ZenScript. Currently there is no built in support for compound ingredients or oredictionary in the machines themselves.

Removal
------
```
mods.mekanism.infuser.removeRecipe(IIngredient outputStack, @Optional IIngredient inputStack, @Optional String infusionType);

mods.mekanism.infuser.removeRecipe(<mekanism:enrichedalloy>, <minecraft:iron_ingot>, "REDSTONE");
mods.mekanism.infuser.removeRecipe(<minecraft:mycelium>);
```
Specifying an input parameter will only remove the specific recipe that uses said input. Omitting the input parameter will remove all recipes that produce the specified output.

Removing all recipes
------
As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is now possible to remove all Metallurgic Infuser recipes. (This excludes any recipes added via CraftTweaker)
```
mods.mekanism.infuser.removeAllRecipes();
```

Commit message:

Add references about the CraftTweaker commands Mekanism adds

docs/Mods/Mekanism/Metallurgic_Infuser.md, after:

# Metallurgic Infuser

As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is now possible to view all recipe strings of the Metallurgic Infuser through the command `/ct mekrecipes metallurgicInfuser`

Infusion Type String
------
Both addition and removal of recipes require an "infusion type" string. Default examples from Mekanism are:

| Infuse Type | Added by |
| ----------- | -------- |
| "CARBON"    | Mekanism |
| "TIN"       | Mekanism |
| "DIAMOND"   | Mekanism |
| "REDSTONE"  | Mekanism |
| "FUNGI"     | Mekanism |
| "BIO"       | Mekanism |
| "OBSIDIAN"  | Mekanism |

If any other mod registers a new infusion type, that type can be used in CraftTweaker as well as long as the registered type's name is specified exactly. NOTE: It is *not* possible to define **new** infusion *types* with CraftTweaker

As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is now possible to view all registered infusions (including those from other mods) via the command `/ct infuseTypes`

Addition
------
```
mods.mekanism.infuser.addRecipe(String infusionType, int infusionConsumed, IIngredient inputStack, IItemStack outputStack);

mods.mekanism.infuser.addRecipe("OBSIDIAN", 20, <minecraft:coal_block>, <minecraft:obsidian>);
mods.mekanism.infuser.addRecipe("DIAMOND", 80, <minecraft:glowstone>, <minecraft:nether_star>);
```
As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is possible to use IIngredients as the inputStack instead of only IItemStacks.

Note: Currently all this does is loop over the different possibilities in java while adding instead of you having to do it in ZenScript. Currently there is no built in support for compound ingredients or oredictionary in the machines themselves.

Removal
------
```
mods.mekanism.infuser.removeRecipe(IIngredient outputStack, @Optional IIngredient inputStack, @Optional String infusionType);

mods.mekanism.infuser.removeRecipe(<mekanism:enrichedalloy>, <minecraft:iron_ingot>, "REDSTONE");
mods.mekanism.infuser.removeRecipe(<minecraft:mycelium>);
```
Specifying an input parameter will only remove the specific recipe that uses said input. Omitting the input parameter will remove all recipes that produce the specified output.

Removing all recipes
------
As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is now possible to remove all Metallurgic Infuser recipes. (This excludes any recipes added via CraftTweaker)
```
mods.mekanism.infuser.removeAllRecipes();
```
