docs/Mods/Mekanism/Precision_Sawmill.md, before:


# Precision Sawmill
Addition
------
```
mods.mekanism.sawmill.addRecipe(IIngredient inputStack, IItemStack outputStack, @Optional IItemStack bonusOutput, @Optional double bonusChance);

mods.mekanism.sawmill.addRecipe(<minecraft:bow>, <minecraft:stick> * 3, <minecraft:string> * 3, 0.5);
mods.mekanism.sawmill.addRecipe(<minecraft:torch>, <minecraft:stick>);
```

As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is possible to use IIngredients as the inputStack instead of only IItemStacks.

Note: Currently all this does is loop over the different possibilities in java while adding instead of you having to do it in ZenScript. Currently there is no built in support for compound ingredients or oredictionary in the machines themselves.

Removal
------
```
mods.mekanism.sawmill.removeRecipe(IIngredient inputStack, @Optional IIngredient outputStack, @Optional IIngredient bonusOutput);

mods.mekanism.sawmill.removeRecipe(<minecraft:bed>, <minecraft:planks>, <minecraft:wool>);
mods.mekanism.sawmill.removeRecipe(<minecraft:planks:*>);
```
Specifying an output parameter will only remove the specific recipe that results in that output from that input. Omitting the output parameter will remove all recipes that the input item can produce.

Removing all recipes
------
As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is now possible to remove all Precision Sawmill recipes. (This excludes any recipes added via CraftTweaker)
```
mods.mekanism.sawmill.removeAllRecipes();
```

Commit message:

Add references about the CraftTweaker commands Mekanism adds

docs/Mods/Mekanism/Precision_Sawmill.md, after:

# Precision Sawmill

As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is now possible to view all recipe strings of the Precision Sawmill through the command `/ct mekrecipes sawmill`

Addition
------
```
mods.mekanism.sawmill.addRecipe(IIngredient inputStack, IItemStack outputStack, @Optional IItemStack bonusOutput, @Optional double bonusChance);

mods.mekanism.sawmill.addRecipe(<minecraft:bow>, <minecraft:stick> * 3, <minecraft:string> * 3, 0.5);
mods.mekanism.sawmill.addRecipe(<minecraft:torch>, <minecraft:stick>);
```

As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is possible to use IIngredients as the inputStack instead of only IItemStacks.

Note: Currently all this does is loop over the different possibilities in java while adding instead of you having to do it in ZenScript. Currently there is no built in support for compound ingredients or oredictionary in the machines themselves.

Removal
------
```
mods.mekanism.sawmill.removeRecipe(IIngredient inputStack, @Optional IIngredient outputStack, @Optional IIngredient bonusOutput);

mods.mekanism.sawmill.removeRecipe(<minecraft:bed>, <minecraft:planks>, <minecraft:wool>);
mods.mekanism.sawmill.removeRecipe(<minecraft:planks:*>);
```
Specifying an output parameter will only remove the specific recipe that results in that output from that input. Omitting the output parameter will remove all recipes that the input item can produce.

Removing all recipes
------
As of Mekanism 9.7.0 it is now possible to remove all Precision Sawmill recipes. (This excludes any recipes added via CraftTweaker)
```
mods.mekanism.sawmill.removeAllRecipes();
```
