docs/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockState.md, before:

# IBlockState

An IBlockState object represents a block's current state.

## Importing the package
It might be required for you to import the package if you encounter any issues, so better be safe than sorry and add the import.  
`import crafttweaker.block.IBlockState;` 

## Extending IBlockProperties
IBlockState extends [IBlockProperties](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockProperties/). That means that all methods that are available to [IBlockProperties](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockProperties/) objects are also available to IBlockState objects.

## ZenMethods and ZenGetters
| ZenGetter                  | Return Type                                                          | Description                                             |
|----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| block                      | [IBlock](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlock/)                                     | Returns the refered block                               |
| meta                       | int                                                                  | Returns the refered block's metadata                    |


## ZenMethods
### isReplacable
`boolean isReplaceable(IWorld world, IBlockPos pos);`  
Parameters:

- [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld/) world → The world to be checked in
- [IBlockPos](/Vanilla/World/IBlockPos/) pos → The Block's position

Returns a boolean that sais whether the block can be replaced or not.


### Comparing two IBlockState objects

You can either use `int compare(IBlockState other);` or the ZenCompare Tokens `==` `!=`.  
The return different types though:

- `state.compare(other)` returns an int that is 0 if they are equal
- `state == other` returns a bool that is true of they are equal

Commit message:

Updated pages and added new pages for blockstate handling

docs/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockState.md, after:

# IBlockState

An IBlockState object represents a block's current state.

## Importing the package
It might be required for you to import the package if you encounter any issues, so better be safe than sorry and add the import.  
`import crafttweaker.block.IBlockState;` 

## Calling an IBlockState
There are several methods that return an IBlockState

* Using the [Bracket Handler](/Vanilla/Brackets/Bracket_BlockState/) `<blockstate:minecraft:log:variant=spruce>`
* Using the `IBlockState.getBlockState()` static method. (See below for more information)
* Using the `getMatchingBlockStates()` method on an [IBlockStateMatcher](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockStateMatcher/) object to retrieve an array of IBlockStates.
* Using the `withProperty()` method on another IBlockState object.

## Resolving an IBlockState At Runtime
There may be times at which your script may rely on interaction with a block from a mod that has not been loaded yet, such as inside block events in ContentTweaker or another pre-init script loader. If you attempt to use a [Bracket Handler](/Vanilla/Brackets/Bracket_BlockState/) for a block that has not yet been registered, the handler will fail to resolve and your script will not work.

To avoid this, you can use the static `IBlockState.getBlockState()` method to resolve an IBlockState at runtime.

### static getBlockState
`static IBlockState getBlockState(String blockname, String... properties)`
Parameters:

- String blockname → A string in the format "modid:blockname" as it would appear in the [BlockState Bracket Handler](/Vanilla/Brackets/Bracket_BlockState/)
- String... properties → Zero or more strings of `"name=value"` pairs of properties to apply to this blockstate. Any unspecified properties will use the same value as in the default blockstate for the specified block name.

Returns an IBlockState of the specified `blockname` with the specified `properties`, or the default blockstate if no properties are specified.

## Extending IBlockProperties
IBlockState extends [IBlockProperties](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockProperties/). That means that all methods that are available to [IBlockProperties](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockProperties/) objects are also available to IBlockState objects.

## Extending IBlockStateMatcher
IBlockState extends [IBlockStateMatcher](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockStateMatcher/). That means that all methods that are available to [IBlockStateMatcher](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockStateMatcher/) objects are also available to IBlockState objects.

## ZenMethods and ZenGetters
| ZenGetter                  | Return Type                                                          | Description                                             |
|----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| block                      | [IBlock](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlock/)                                     | Returns the refered block                               |
| meta                       | int                                                                  | Returns the refered block's metadata                    |


## ZenMethods
### isReplacable
`boolean isReplaceable(IWorld world, IBlockPos pos);`  
Parameters:

- [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld/) world → The world to be checked in
- [IBlockPos](/Vanilla/World/IBlockPos/) pos → The Block's position

Returns a boolean that sais whether the block can be replaced or not.


### Comparing two IBlockState objects

You can either use `int compare(IBlockState other);` or the ZenCompare Tokens `==` `!=`.  
The return different types though:

- `state.compare(other)` returns an int that is 0 if they are equal
- `state == other` returns a bool that is true of they are equal
