docs/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockPattern.md, before:

# IBlockPattern

An IBlockPattern is an interface that allows for combining several blocks into one object.  
It is comparable to what the [IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) Interface is to [IItemStacks](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack).


## Calling an IBlockPattern Object

Technically, each time you call an [IBlock](IBlock) object, you call an IBlockPattern object.  
But there are cases when you explicitly get an IBlockPattern Object as return.  

* OR two [IBlocks](IBlock)

## ZenGetters

| ZenGetter   | What does it do                                | Return Type            |
|-------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| blocks      | Lists all possible blocks for this object      | List<[IBlock](IBlock)> |
| displayName | Returns the displayNames of the fitting blocks | String                 |

## OR

You can OR two IBlockPattern Objects using the OR `|` Operator

## Matching
You can check if an IBlockPatternObject contains another using the `in` keyword.  
For example, you could check if a Block is in an IBlockPattern.

Commit message:

A bit of everything (#21)
* CoT's updates

* CoT dev

* Guess I can't count after all...

* Added NYI to not yet completely implemented Class Entries

* A lot more CoT

* Interlinks now with correct capitalization

* Didnt see they expand the classes

* IMutableItemStack damage method

* IWorld setBlockState

* CoT Item burn tyme, Crystal item

* typo

* BWM additional methods for kiln/saw

* Added CTGUI page

* Mekanism is not in the mods package but in mod...
I trusted you, @OrdinatorStouff

* Background story in its own spoiler

*  TE new Methods

* TCon Fuel

* TCon new removals with inputs

* TCon added Package

* Arrays: Added casts to examples and casting explanation

* Added import block to some common-used Types

* Added AA Mining Lens & Oil Generator

* Added Package to AA entries; Reformat

* Added Images of Material Parts

* Maybe Fixed Navbar

Added more toc-Level entries to base.css

* Typo

* Case sensiticity, you got me... again

* integer → Integer

* Import at top of file
that enough?

docs/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockPattern.md, after:

# IBlockPattern

An IBlockPattern is an interface that allows for combining several blocks into one object.  
It is comparable to what the [IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) Interface is to [IItemStacks](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack).

## Importing the package
It might be required for you to import the package if you encounter any issues (like casting an [Array](/AdvancedFunctions/Arrays_and_Loops)), so better be safe than sorry and add the import.  
`import crafttweaker.block.IBlockPattern;`


## Calling an IBlockPattern Object

Technically, each time you call an [IBlock](IBlock) object, you call an IBlockPattern object.  
But there are cases when you explicitly get an IBlockPattern Object as return.  

* OR two [IBlocks](IBlock)

## ZenGetters

| ZenGetter   | What does it do                                | Return Type            |
|-------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| blocks      | Lists all possible blocks for this object      | List<[IBlock](IBlock)> |
| displayName | Returns the displayNames of the fitting blocks | String                 |

## OR

You can OR two IBlockPattern Objects using the OR `|` Operator

## Matching
You can check if an IBlockPatternObject contains another using the `in` keyword.  
For example, you could check if a Block is in an IBlockPattern.
