docs/Vanilla/Events/Events/PlayerInteract.md, before:

# PlayerInteract

The PlayerInteract Event is fired whenever a player interacts with a block.

## Event Class
You will need to cast the event in the function header as this class:  
`crafttweaker.event.PlayerInteractEvent`  
You can, of course, also [import](/AdvancedFunctions/Import) the class before and use that name then.


## ZenGetters
The following information can be retrieved from the event:

| ZenGetter    | Return Type                               |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------|
| `canceled`   | boolean                                   |
| `usingItem`  | boolean                                   |
| `usingBlock` | boolean                                   |
| `x`          | int                                       |
| `y`          | int                                       |
| `z`          | int                                       |
| `player`     | [IPlayer](/Vanilla/Players/IPlayer)       |
| `world`      | [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld)           |
| `block`      | [IBlock](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlock)          |
| `dimension`  | int                                       |

## ZenMethods

- `event.cancel()` sets the event as cancelled
- `event.useBlock()` sets Block to true
- `event.useItem()` sets Item to true

Commit message:

latest CrT changes
Event system refactor
IRayTraceResult
New Methods on IItemStack and IItemDefinition

docs/Vanilla/Events/Events/PlayerInteract.md, after:

# PlayerInteract

The PlayerInteract Event is fired whenever a player interacts with a block.

## Event Class
You will need to cast the event in the function header as this class:  
`crafttweaker.event.PlayerInteractEvent`  
You can, of course, also [import](/AdvancedFunctions/Import) the class before and use that name then.

## Event interface extensions
PlayerInteract Events implement the following interfaces and are able to call all of their methods/getters/setters as well:

- [IEventCancelable](IEventCancelable)
- [IPlayerEvent](IPlayerEvent)
- [IEventPositionable](IEventPositionable)


## ZenGetters
The following information can be retrieved from the event:

| ZenGetter    | Return Type                               |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------|
| `canceled`   | boolean                                   |
| `usingItem`  | boolean                                   |
| `usingBlock` | boolean                                   |
| `x`          | int                                       |
| `y`          | int                                       |
| `z`          | int                                       |
| `player`     | [IPlayer](/Vanilla/Players/IPlayer)       |
| `world`      | [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld)           |
| `block`      | [IBlock](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlock)          |
| `dimension`  | int                                       |

## ZenMethods

- `event.cancel()` sets the event as cancelled
- `event.useBlock()` sets Block to true
- `event.useItem()` sets Item to true
