docs/Vanilla/Events/Events/PlayerBonemeal.md, before:

# PlayerBonemeal

The PlayerBonemeal Event is fired whenever a player uses bonemeal on a block.

## Event Class
You will need to cast the event in the function header as this class:  
`crafttweaker.event.PlayerBonemealEvent`  
You can, of course, also [import](/AdvancedFunctions/Import) the class before and use that name then.


## ZenGetters
The following information can be retrieved from the event:

| ZenGetter   | Return Type                                |
|-------------|--------------------------------------------|
| `canceled`  | boolean                                    |
| `processed` | boolean                                    |
| `x`         | int                                        |
| `y`         | int                                        |
| `z`         | int                                        |
| `player`    | [IPlayer](/Vanilla/Players/IPlayer)        |
| `world`     | [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld)            |
| `block`     | [IBlock](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlock)           |
| `blockState`| [IBlockState](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockState) |
| `blockPos`  | [IBlockPos](/Vanilla/World/IBlockPos)      |
| `dimension` | int                                        |

## ZenMethods

- `event.cancel()` sets the event as cancelled
- `event.process()` sets the event as processed

Commit message:

latest CrT changes
Event system refactor
IRayTraceResult
New Methods on IItemStack and IItemDefinition

docs/Vanilla/Events/Events/PlayerBonemeal.md, after:

# PlayerBonemeal

The PlayerBonemeal Event is fired whenever a player uses bonemeal on a block.

## Event Class
You will need to cast the event in the function header as this class:  
`crafttweaker.event.PlayerBonemealEvent`  
You can, of course, also [import](/AdvancedFunctions/Import) the class before and use that name then.

## Event interface extensions
PlayerBonemeal Events implement the following interfaces and are able to call all of their methods/getters/setters as well:

- [IEventCancelable](IEventCancelable)
- [IPlayerEvent](IPlayerEvent)
- [IProcessableEvent](IProcessableEvent)
- [IEventPositionable](IEventPositionable)


## ZenGetters
The following information can be retrieved from the event:

| ZenGetter   | Return Type                                |
|-------------|--------------------------------------------|
| `canceled`  | boolean                                    |
| `processed` | boolean                                    |
| `x`         | int                                        |
| `y`         | int                                        |
| `z`         | int                                        |
| `player`    | [IPlayer](/Vanilla/Players/IPlayer)        |
| `world`     | [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld)            |
| `block`     | [IBlock](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlock)           |
| `blockState`| [IBlockState](/Vanilla/Blocks/IBlockState) |
| `blockPos`  | [IBlockPos](/Vanilla/World/IBlockPos)      |
| `dimension` | int                                        |
| `item`      | [IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack)    |

## ZenMethods

- `event.cancel()` sets the event as cancelled
- `event.process()` sets the event as processed
