docs/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/MaterialSystem.md, before:

# MaterialSystem

The MaterialSystem is used to create new or retrieve existing Materials from within CT.

## Importing the package
It might be required for you to import the package if you encounter any issues, so better be safe than sorry and add the import.  
`import mods.contenttweaker.MaterialSystem;` 

## [IPartType](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Parts/PartType)
### Create 
```JAVA
createPartType(String name, IRegisterMaterialPart registerMaterialPart)
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The part type's name → e.g. "dense_gear"
- [IRegisterMaterialPart](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Advanced_Functionality/functions/registerMaterialPart) registerMaterialPart → A function that handles how the Material parts will be created.

### Retrieve 
```JAVA
getPartType(String name);
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The part type's name → e.g. "gear"
For a list of all available part types check [the part type page](PartType).


## [IMaterial](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material)
### Create
Unlike the PartType, you cannot directly create a Material, instead you need to use a MaterialBuilder. Check the [MaterialBuilder entry](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material_Builder) for info on what exactly to do with these.
```JAVA
val MB MaterialSystem.getMaterialBuilder();
MB.setName("Urubuntium");
MB.setColor(0);
MB.setHasEffect(false);
var builtMaterial = MB.build();
```

### Retrieve
```JAVA
getMaterial(String name);
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The Material's name → e.g. "Platinum"

## [IPart](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Parts/Part)
### Create
Unlike the PartType, you cannot directly create a Part, instead you need to use a PartBuilder. Check the [Part entry](IPart](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Parts/Part) for info on what exactly to do with these.
```JAVA
val PB = MaterialSystem.getPartBuilder();
```

### Retrieve
```JAVA
getPart(String name);
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The Part's name

## [IPartDataPiece](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Advanced_Functionality/Data_Pieces/IPartDataPiece)
###Create
```
createPartDataPiece(String name, boolean required)
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The Data Piece's name
- boolean required: Is the data piece required?


## Register multiple MaterialParts
Even though you can also do this using the [Material's](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material) own functionality, this Method allows you to register [Parts](PArt) for a given Material
```JAVA
registerPartsForMaterial(Material material, String[] partNames);
```

Required Parameters:

- [Material](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material) material: The material that the registered parts should be made of
- String[] partNames: The names of the parts that should be registered → e.g. ["gear", "ingot"]

Commit message:

PR's are overrated (#33)
* EntityMelting

* Tinker's Materials

* ticmat command

* Squeezer Warning

* IItemStack asBlock()

* CoT: Fluid Luminosity MPD

* Arrays_and_loop: wood→log, added as IItemStack[]

* Added Global Functions page
Never realized I missed that one lol

* Updated JEI to fit the new methods

* Updated OreDict to contain the new functionality

* updated mods to contains the simpleIterator

* Explained the ItemUtils cratePotion more clearls, also explained the vararg there

* Fixed Typo

* global function pow

* Applied Sky's Entity Refactor

* Global keywords and the missing Classes

* Global vars

* Seeds/Tokens

* Added Adding to DataMaps' Entries

* Updated Global's info

* Started with Dev Area

* More DevArea

* CoT chenges

* More ZenAnnotations

* Some CoT Changes

* Added CT Annotation pages

* Added Ingredients entry to CT dev section, also unescaped some tokens there (now it should be normal regex)

* AstralSorcery changes

* Added updateTag method to IItemStack

* Updated to newest CoT and some other stuff

* Started with Botania

* ArrayAdd and String Functions

* Added BWM Mill to mkdocs.yml
closes #28

* Added Botania Recipe Handlers (Lexica still missing!)

* Added Lexica Botania Stub

docs/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/MaterialSystem.md, after:

# MaterialSystem

The MaterialSystem is used to create new or retrieve existing Materials from within CT.

## Importing the package
It might be required for you to import the package if you encounter any issues, so better be safe than sorry and add the import.  
`import mods.contenttweaker.MaterialSystem;` 

## [IPartType](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Parts/PartType)
### Create 
```JAVA
createPartType(String name, IRegisterMaterialPart registerMaterialPart)
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The part type's name → e.g. "dense_gear"
- [IRegisterMaterialPart](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Advanced_Functionality/functions/registerMaterialPart) registerMaterialPart → A function that handles how the Material parts will be created.

### Retrieve 
```JAVA
getPartType(String name);
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The part type's name → e.g. "gear"
For a list of all available part types check [the part type page](PartType).


## [IMaterial](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material)
### Create
Unlike the PartType, you cannot directly create a Material, instead you need to use a MaterialBuilder. Check the [MaterialBuilder entry](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material_Builder) for info on what exactly to do with these.
```JAVA
val MB MaterialSystem.getMaterialBuilder();
MB.setName("Urubuntium");
MB.setColor(0);
MB.setHasEffect(false);
var builtMaterial = MB.build();
```

### Retrieve
```JAVA
getMaterial(String name);
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The Material's name → e.g. "Platinum"

## [IPart](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Parts/Part)
### Create
Unlike the PartType, you cannot directly create a Part, instead you need to use a PartBuilder. Check the [Part entry](IPart](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Parts/Part) for info on what exactly to do with these.
```JAVA
val PB = MaterialSystem.getPartBuilder();
```

### Retrieve
```JAVA
getPart(String name);
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The Part's name

## [IPartDataPiece](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Advanced_Functionality/Data_Pieces/IPartDataPiece)
###Create
```
createPartDataPiece(String name, boolean required)
```

Required Parameters:

- String name: The Data Piece's name
- boolean required: Is the data piece required?


## Register multiple MaterialParts
Even though you can also do this using the [Material's](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material) own functionality, this Method allows you to register [Parts](PArt) for a given Material
```JAVA
registerPartsForMaterial(Material material, String[] partNames);
```

Required Parameters:

- [Material](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material) material: The material that the registered parts should be made of
- String[] partNames: The names of the parts that should be registered → e.g. ["gear", "ingot"]

## Retrieve already registered things:

You can use these methods to retrieve a map using strings as keys and the object as values:

| Method Name        | Return Type                                                                           |
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| getMaterialParts() | [`Map<String, IMaterialPart>`](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/MaterialPart) |
| getMaterials()     | [`Map<String, IMaterial>`](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Materials/Material)         |
| getParts()         | [`Map<String, IPart>`](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Parts/Part)                     |
| getPartType()      | [`Map<String, IPartType>`](/Mods/ContentTweaker/Materials/Parts/PartType)             |
