docs/Getting_Started.md, before:

# Getting Started with scripts

Crafttweaker uses a custom scripting Language called `ZenScript`, ZenScript is read from `.zs` files that are stored in the `<gamedir>/scripts` folder.

ZenScript is a "top down" scripting language, meaning that, `Imports` need to be at the top of the file, `Variable Declarions` should be near the top of the file, however there are no restrictions to that, a `Variable` can be defined anywhere i na script, however it will not be accessible to the lines above the `Variable` declaration.


## Introduction

Ever went into building a modpack and then found that just throwing in a bunch of mods didn't give you an integrated experience? As mods are developed relatively independently from each other, one may feel overpowered in comparison to the other. Or you may believe that there would be a better recipe for some of the items. Or perhaps you'd want to remove an item from the game without having to remove the entire mod. Or you may discover that some ore dictionary entries have too many or too few items. Now you can do all of that - each with just a single instruction to MineTweaker.

In addition to the core functionality provided to support Vanilla minecraft, mod integration libraries are provided with the mod to enable you to not only modify vanilla recipes, but also the mod machine recipes and mod behavior.

## Scripts

Scripts are stored in `<minecraftdir>/scripts` and are loaded in the `PreInitialization` phase of Minecraft, unlike previous versions of Crafttweaker, Scripts cannot be reloaded, this is due to changes that Mojang have made in 1.12 and there is no workaround.

Script files have the `.zs` prefix and can be compressed into a `.zip` that will also be read.

### Writing your first script

To get started with Scripts, you can create a very basic file, called `hello.zs` in the `<minecraftdir>/scripts>` folder.

In `hello.zs` put the following line

```
print("Hello world!");
```

Now load up Minecraft and and take a look at the `crafttweaker.log` file.

The `crafttweaker.log` file is located in `<minecraftdir>` and can be read by any program that can read plaintext files.

It is recommended to use Notepad++ or Sublime Text to edit script files, however any program will do.

### The crafttweaker.log file

The `crafttweaker.log` file uses a specific syntax in it's output, that syntax is:

```
[LOADERSTAGE][SIDE][TYPE] <message>
```

Using the example above, the output would be:

```
[PREINITIALIZATION][CLIENT][INFO] Hello world!
```

The syntax is used for debug purposes and the only time the syntax is not used, is for command dumps, in which case it just prints the message, this is done so copy pasting the dumps is easier.

### Comments

Comments can be used to make your script files more readable and easier to understand!

ZenScript supports 3 types of comments, being:

Single line: `// I'm a single line comment!`

Alternate Single Line: `# I'm also a single line comment!`

Multiline: 
```
/* I'm 
a
multiline comment! */
```

Commit message:

Added info that scripts need to be on client and server

docs/Getting_Started.md, after:

# Getting Started with scripts

Crafttweaker uses a custom scripting Language called `ZenScript`, ZenScript is read from `.zs` files that are stored in the `<gamedir>/scripts` folder.

ZenScript is a "top down" scripting language, meaning that, `Imports` need to be at the top of the file, `Variable Declarions` should be near the top of the file, however there are no restrictions to that, a `Variable` can be defined anywhere in a script, however it will not be accessible to the lines above the `Variable` declaration.


## Introduction

Ever went into building a modpack and then found that just throwing in a bunch of mods didn't give you an integrated experience? As mods are developed relatively independently from each other, one may feel overpowered in comparison to the other. Or you may believe that there would be a better recipe for some of the items. Or perhaps you'd want to remove an item from the game without having to remove the entire mod. Or you may discover that some ore dictionary entries have too many or too few items. Now you can do all of that - each with just a single instruction to MineTweaker.

In addition to the core functionality provided to support Vanilla minecraft, mod integration libraries are provided with the mod to enable you to not only modify vanilla recipes, but also the mod machine recipes and mod behavior.

## Scripts

Scripts are stored in `<minecraftdir>/scripts` and are loaded in the `PreInitialization` phase of Minecraft, unlike previous versions of Crafttweaker, Scripts cannot be reloaded, this is due to changes that Mojang have made in 1.12 and there is no workaround. Also, Scripts need to be on **both, the server AND the client instance** to work

Script files have the `.zs` prefix and can be compressed into a `.zip` that will also be read.

### Writing your first script

To get started with Scripts, you can create a very basic file, called `hello.zs` in the `<minecraftdir>/scripts>` folder.

In `hello.zs` put the following line

```
print("Hello world!");
```

Now load up Minecraft and and take a look at the `crafttweaker.log` file.

The `crafttweaker.log` file is located in `<minecraftdir>` and can be read by any program that can read plaintext files.

It is recommended to use Notepad++ or Sublime Text to edit script files, however any program will do.

### The crafttweaker.log file

The `crafttweaker.log` file uses a specific syntax in it's output, that syntax is:

```
[LOADERSTAGE][SIDE][TYPE] <message>
```

Using the example above, the output would be:

```
[PREINITIALIZATION][CLIENT][INFO] Hello world!
```

The syntax is used for debug purposes and the only time the syntax is not used, is for command dumps, in which case it just prints the message, this is done so copy pasting the dumps is easier.

### Comments

Comments can be used to make your script files more readable and easier to understand!

ZenScript supports 3 types of comments, being:

Single line: `// I'm a single line comment!`

Alternate Single Line: `# I'm also a single line comment!`

Multiline: 
```
/* I'm 
a
multiline comment! */
```
